Add a page to push users to install the flagship app (#4203)
cozy/cozy-stack: docs/settings.md

selected according to the context of the instance and the configuration of the
stack.

### GET /settings/install_app

> At the end of onboarding, just after the password has been chosen, if the user
> is on mobile, the stack will show a page to push them to install the flagship
> app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of an onboarding, just after the password has been chosen, if the
user is in a mobile browser, the stack will show a page to push them to install
the flagship app.
```
